all right there are some things that
have been bothering me lately and they
oh there's actually a lot of things but
I want to talk about a couple of things
that really get on my nerves these
so-called wrestlers that are tired or
you know they have a good you know
they're just veterans basically and they
think that they know it all then I'm not
saying I know it alls yeah definitely
don't from a fan's perspective this is
what we're going to give you we're not
disrespecting any wrestlers for any
reason but this whole we're trying to
draw casual viewers thing in makes me
sick you know I mean the problem is is
the business today has changed its
evolve if you were wrestling in the
1980s and your philosophy in the 1980s
was working it ain't going to work now
not at all not at all and let bless you
Ric Flair yeah you still go ya know cuz
he's still go but let's go on okay what
the difference is that I see all right
is when we were ten all right I believe
that the Undertaker was dead yeah okay
and I believe that the man was from
Death Valley yep I was afraid of Papa
Shango yep mankind squeal kind of
freaked me out yeah and hey hey I mean
when Undertaker disappeared from TV you
remember the little sidings like to have
us i heard Burger King McDonald's yeah i
sauté I was looking for him yep I was
looking for him out my window say man
maybe I can just talk to him trying to
tell him where is that yeah you know the
same thing exactly now a 10 year old is
saying gimmick why is this guy not
getting pushed I don't like his gimmick
the babyface feel they're using
wrestling turns and I didn't know about
I was like 19 the wrestling fan easy
fault yeah and there's been so many
people that say well it or does a
certain it's a small percentage personal
fan base bullcrap yeah you're all right
oh the bottom line is they drive the
business and you can get your casual fan
that's fine the Ottomans hit the casual
fans to watch but honestly like he is
about to say the casual fans they have
computers and they are on the internet
just as much as we're on the internet
and my thing is is if you keep on
changing your product to get the casual
fan then you don't have a product itself
and that's the problem work to get the
smart mark yeah if you can pull a smart
mark you fool everybody Valeri and we're
not hard to fool when that Hardy made
his return i believe it was 2005 yeah
too raw and yelled roh on the mic and
was not I was like Brent you really
hopped the rail oh yeah you know oh my
god and let me say something here before
Matt Hardy came there was tons of chance
that we want that we didn't want that
one it wasn't because that they really
miss Matt Hardy it was because they knew
the story of why Matt Hardy got fired
and they were pissed off about it and
Doug why did Bill Goldberg and brock
lesner get booed out of the building at
WrestleMania 20 that's a good question
bill and let's talk about that okay
because if you watch the raw previous
when you were there actually as the
rocks freakin hawk the rail and freaking
f5 Austin if you watch that huge ovation
yeah big difference come WrestleMania
you want to know why because the
internet found out that he was leaving
to go the NFL and they also knew that
bill goldberg's contract was up yep okay
the internet drives the business it's
the same thing with the UFC without the
internet the UFC would even be here
today yeah everything any fighter
interview and you build up anything was
all through the internet and it drove it
now you've got a bunch of casual fans
watching it okay and it's big right now
but but the bottom line is is the casual
fans will go away and the internet fans
will stay absolutely and if you turn
your back on the internet fans then you
don't get the casual fans you have
nothing you lose ratings you
she's exactly happened with the other
company and everybody knows it yeah and
every year they lose ratings and every
year they get worse yeah okay my biggest
thing is is I feel like the TNA is
trying to get that casual fan and I
don't necessarily think they're going by
about it the right way I think what they
should do is something similar to the
UFC in treat their matches with that
type of importance with that type of
build up with that type of realism
because the bottom line is this if you
put something out there that insults
someone's intelligence such as stone
cold shard boy yep okay i'm not i'm not
trying to discharge boy but i think i
think his character is too over-the-top
if you have over top gimmicks over the
top matches such as the fish market
street fight right you know people are
going to get pissed off and it's not
going to get good attention for your
company but if you have Kurt Angle and
Samoa Joe talking about doing somewhat
of a MMA style fight at lockdown have a
kind of that stiff japan-style mash then
that's going to get attention absolutely
that's going to get attention for your
company and I feel like TNA is doing the
right thing by having serious story
lines such as Booker T and Robert rude
no such as Kurt Angle and Samoa Joe yep
such as James Storm a rhino before that
yep and I mean my thing is to I think
that you know the fuse is going on a
little too long though if you look at
Robert rude and Booker T it was a great
few okay but now it's gone so long that
it's losing momentum and now they're
throwing in women yet and now now it's
losing resting because my thing is is
why will we throw in the women with the
whole reason they're fighting just
because the women got injured yeah you
know and not only that when you're few
goes on for four or five months and you
have four or five matches each match has
to tell different story and each match
has to kind of talk the other match okay
so if you have three okay matches I
think that's been the problem with
robbery is that he hasn't had not that
he's not a good wrestler I think he's a
damn good wrestler and I think he's a
great performer but he has to have those
matches that solidify his career I don't
think he's had that and Bill it's good
point but the thing there
really is like bothering me is okay
we're supposed to be biased we're
supposed to be sellouts we're not
supposed to say anything about negged
about TNA what we just did we said what
they should work crosby said things but
let's talk about the positives and let
them talk about how when most of you
everybody is saying that TNA is in the
worst position it's ever been in and
we'll keep walking back lightly first
off here's the thing I'd love to address
they don't push younger town okay my
what is the best way to push younger
talent you put him in there with a
better all right so we have Pee Dee
Williams with Scott Steiner okay go jail
with kevin eck samoa joe with Kevin Nash
and AJ Styles with Kurt Angle and okay I
names with Chris you have a Christian
cage you've got Robert Rubin Booker T my
thing is they keep on feeding the
Machine and the WWE keeps on going
backwards yeah and when those are I then
re is your main event exactly and when
those guys are injured or when they're
done and retired TNA has got a future a
foundation laid out yep and they're
going to be fine they're going to be fun
with calves and James Storm and Robin
Louisville and jay lethal and aj styles
and samoa joe they have a huge future
and guess what Kurt Angle can't wait to
put him over yeah he loves to put over
guys sang with Booker T same with
Christian cage same with state they're
not selfish people and the company as a
whole is just trying to give you
everything it has to make it better I
guess baby steps the booking is great
one week and where were they going with
this week yeah but yeah all experimental
because they're a growing company and
not only that they're trying to reach
out to a huge audience